---
document type: class
external help file: Microsoft.PowerPlatform.EnterprisePolicies-Help.xml
HelpUri: ''
Locale: en-US
Module Name: Microsoft.PowerPlatform.EnterprisePolicies
ms.date: 08/07/2025
PlatyPS schema version: 2024-05-01
title: EnvironmentNetworkUsageDocument
autogenerated: false
---

# EnvironmentNetworkUsageDocument

## DESCRIPTION

The `EnvironmentNetworkUsageDocument` class represents historical network usage information and network usage metadata about the delegated network of a Power Platform environment.

## PROPERTIES

### Id

Type: `System.String`
Description: The unique identifier of the EnvironmentNetworkUsageDocument as being stored -- a concatenation of EnvironmentId and AzureRegion.

### EnvironmentId

Type: `System.String`
Description: The unique identifier of the Power Platform environment.

### TenantId

Type: `System.String`
Description: The unique identifier of the tenant that contains the Power Platform environment.

### EnterprisePolicyId

Type: `System.String`
Description: The unique identifier of the enterprise policy that the Power Platform environment belongs to.

### VnetId

Type: `System.String`
Description: The ID of the virtual network associated with the environment.

### SubnetName

Type: `System.String`
Description: The name of the subnet within the virtual network.

### SubnetSize

Type: `int`
Description: The maximum number of IP addresses the subnet can contain.

### AzureRegion

Type: `System.String`
Description: The Azure region where the environment is deployed.

### NetworkUsageData

Type: `NetworkUsageData[]`
Description: A list of network usage data for the environment each with its own timestamp. This will not include the System Reserved IP addresses in IPAllocations.

## METHODS

This class does not define any methods.

## EXAMPLES

```powershell
$environmentUsage = [EnvironmentNetworkUsageDocument]::new()
$environmentUsage.Id = "ea344393-c4ec-4f0c-a489-98320b6c151c_eastus"
$environmentUsage.EnvironmentId = "ea344393-c4ec-4f0c-a489-98320b6c151c"
$environmentUsage.TenantId = "e9651b85-8b04-482f-a1e2-3e03421b4398"
$environmentUsage.EnterprisePolicyId = "d82eb721-3a0d-4c06-bf60-28075e0e9682"
$environmentUsage.VnetId = "e9651b85-8b04-482f-a1e2-3e03421b4398"
$environmentUsage.SubnetName = "default"
$environmentUsage.SubnetSize = 256
$environmentUsage.AzureRegion = "East US"
$environmentUsage.NetworkUsageData = @(
  @{
    Timestamp = "2025-09-03T00:09:00.2389538+00:00"
    NormalizedTimestamp = "2025-09-03T00:00:00+00:00"
    TotalIpUsage = 10
    IPAllocations = @{ 'Diagnostics' = 5; 'Copilot Studio' = 5 }
  }
)
```
