---
document type: class
external help file: Microsoft.PowerPlatform.EnterprisePolicies-Help.xml
HelpUri: ''
Locale: en-US
Module Name: Microsoft.PowerPlatform.EnterprisePolicies
ms.date: 04/11/2025
PlatyPS schema version: 2024-05-01
title: TLSConnectivityInformation
autogenerated: false
---

# TLSConnectivityInformation

## DESCRIPTION

The `TLSConnectivityInformation` class contains information related to establishing a TLS handshake from your delegated subnet to the resource specified.

## PROPERTIES

### TCPConnectivity

Type: `System.Boolean`
Description: Indicates if an initial TCP connection has been successfully established. This is a prerequisite to establishing a TLS handshake.

### Certificate

Type: `CertificateInformation`
Description: If a connection has been established, provides information about the certificate presented by the resource when establishing the TLS Handshake.

### SSLWithoutCRL

Type: `SSLInformation`
Description: Information containing protocol, errors and cipher suites of the handshake. This handshake is carried out without validating the certificate against a certificate revocation list.

### SSLWithCRL

Type: `SSLInformation`
Description: Information containing protocol, errors and cipher suites of the handshake. This handshake is carried out validating that the certificate is checked against an online certificate revocation list. So access to query the certificate revocation list of the certificate is required for this to test to succeed.

## METHODS

This class does not define any methods.

## EXAMPLES

```powershell
$connectivity = [TLSConnectivityInformation]::new()
$connectivity.TCPConnectivity = $true
$connectivity.Certificate = [CertificateInformation]::new()
$connectivity.SSLWithCRL = [SSLInformation]::new()
$connectivity.SSLWithoutCRL = [SSLInformation]::new()
```
